Trust and Compliance: Fiscal provisions (#105)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/fiscal/denmark.md

# Denmark

{% include "warning-tax-law.md" %}

## Value-added tax (VAT)

> When selling goods and services in Denmark, VAT ("Merværdiafgift o Moms", "DPH") may apply.

Reviewer: DPH ist die tschechische und slowakische Steuer. 
merværdiafgift und moms sind Synonyme. 
```suggestion
When selling goods and services in Denmark, VAT ("Merværdiafgift", aka "Moms") may apply.
```

You can configure all Danish VAT rates in pretix using [tax rules](../../guides/taxes.md), including more complex tax cases (e.g. intra-EU reverse charge transactions).

## Invoicing

### E-invoicing

Denmark currently does not require sending electronic invoices in a structured format for transactions between businesses (B2B) or businesses and consumers (B2C).
Denmark only mandates e-invoices for transactions between businesses and the government (B2G).
pretix currently does not support this. 

More information is available on the website of the European Commission: [eInvoicing in Denmark](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-building-blocks/sites/display/DIGITAL/eInvoicing+in+Denmark).

## pretixPOS

When operating in Denmark, you need to be able to supply your financial data in the "Standard Audit File for Tax (SAF-T)" format during a tax audit.

> This is not supported by pretix, but might be supported by a bookkeeping system where you can import your data from pretix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not supported by pretix, but might be supported by a bookkeeping system to which you can import your data from pretix.
```

Please consult your attorney or accountant for more information.

> We are not aware of other specific requirements on cash registers in Denmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are not aware of any other specific requirements on cash registers in Denmark.
```
